During my academic career I guess I made a lot of different choices that
like put me on a different path. So for instance, when I was young
I really wanted to be a linguist. I wanted to know five different
languages by the time I was twenty five. I wanted to speak fluently
and travel in my jet around the world and I don't think engineers really
do that so much, so when I joined the military to become a nuclear
technologist, I realized that I wasn't doing something that I was
passionate for, I was doing something that was challenging instead
and that still worked out, I still enjoyed it. I still enjoyed doing
the Navy for that, but I had to kind of change my mind set for that.
After I got out of the military, then I had this eight years of being
a nuclear technologist I could become like Homer Simpson, make
lots of money and I had so much experience that I could have a high
paying job, a high position job out in the real world. However after
studying what computer science is and finding my passion in that, I
kind of gave up that nuclear technology course and I studied engineering
and computer science which is kind of like starting from fresh.
So the two choices that I made, number one from humanities to engineering
over to nuclear technology and then after that from nuclear
technology to computer science those are really distinct choices and
it is what it is I'm happy with my decisions.